Intro (#51)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/docs/basics/rest.md

---
id: rest
title: Rest Intro
sidebar_label: Rest Intro
---

[![docs-source](https://img.shields.io/badge/source-eigthshift--libs-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&labelColor=2a2a2a)](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-libs)

> When working on a more complex WordPress project at one point, you will have to make a new Rest API route or add a new API field to the existing route, or something else.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the type of projects you are working on, maybe you'll need to create a new REST API route or add a new API field to the existing route.
```

We have prepared four interfaces and two abstract classes for you.

In general, you will use only what you need from the provided options.

## CallableFieldInterface.php

The interface used in Rest API Field for providing callback method.

## CallableRouteInterface.php

The interface used in Rest API Route for providing callback method.

## RouteSecurityInterface.php

The interface used in Rest API Route for providing authentication methods.

## RouteInterface.php

The interface used in Rest API Route for providing general options for your route like variables for `READABLE`, `CREATABLE`, etc...

## AbstractField.php

> Abstract class used in Rest API Field for updating existing filed, or providing a new field to the existing Rest API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Abstract class used in Rest API Field for updating existing fields, or providing a new field to the existing Rest API.
```
